---
layout: post
title: Issue 13
published: true
---

### [Regulating With Open Data](https://civic.io/2016/05/12/regulating-with-open-data/)
The question of how to regulate sharing economy companies is an important one for city governments and the communities they serve. Open data should play a central role in how regulations are constructed. Many cities are already armed with the digital infrastructure they need to implement effective regulatory approaches for this new breed of companies.

### [Civic Technology And The Cities Of Our Future: Part III](http://blog.placemeter.com/civic-technology-and-the-cities-of-our-future-part-iii)
People have been claiming to "hack" different parts of our lives for a good part of the past decade. We've got growth hacking, life hacking, food hacking, fitness hacking, and, of course, good old regular hacking. So, when you hear the term "civic hacking" you might be turned off, as I was at first. But dig a little deeper and you'll see that there's much more to "civic hacking" than you'd suspect.

### [Why Paris Is the New #TechForGood Capital](https://medium.com/@audreyjarre/why-paris-is-the-new-techforgood-capital-1b0a1f7ac812#.w7h5t87dr)
Civic tech, smarter cities, virtuous use of data: shifting away from ‘feel good’ to ‘do good’ startups

### [Toward A Taxonomy Of Civic Technology](https://blogs.microsoft.com/on-the-issues/2016/04/27/towards-taxonomy-civic-technology/)
The field of civic technology is poised to take off. Investors, philanthropists, and the media see a gathering force, a convergence of trends. The technology industry’s increasingly interested in societal impact. Governments are developing the capacity to leverage advanced technologies. Communities are being expected to accomplish more with fewer resources.

### [Smart Cities Have To Serve People And Be Responsive To Their Needs](https://medium.com/@danxoneil/smart-cities-have-to-serve-people-and-be-responsive-to-their-needs-52e590de9f88#.fsjfzzu8x)
 When I wake up and go outside, I don’t see residents making a whole big fuss about enough civic data being released. Or hankering to know exact rainfall measures, block by block. Or demanding to see the exact nature of buried cable infrastructure.
Instead, I see people shutting down Lake Shore Drive to demand justice for a police killing. I see protests of a Governor who can’t lead, to devastating affect for poor people. I see an inability for us to even talk, in a coherent way, about our shared problems and goals.

### [NYC Digital Playbook](https://playbook.cityofnewyork.us/)
