---
layout: post
title: Issue 8
---

### [datausa.io Puts Public Us Government Data In Your Hands](http://datausa.io/)
Through advanced data analytics and visualization, it tells stories about: places in America—towns, cities and states; occupations, from teachers to welders to web developers; industries--where they are thriving, where they are declining and their interconnectedness to each other; and education and skills, from where is the best place to live if you’re a computer science major to the key skills needed to be an accountant.

### [Digital Citizenship and Engagement: Guides, Playbooks, and Resources](https://medium.com/engagement-lab-emerson-college/digital-citizenship-and-engagement-guides-playbooks-and-resources-1715302c17de#.pvqg6jv6n)
Engaging the public in campaigns, planning efforts, and community-building is a science and an art that flourishes from a foundation of trust. There is an abundance of tools, digital strategies, and outreach methodologies to draw upon. This field scan of engagement guidebooks collates resources with brief summaries to understand best practices for engagement. 

### [Oakland Police Teams Up With Stanford For Help Interpreting Body Camera Data](http://statescoop.com/stanford-university-interprets-film-from-oakland-body-cameras)
Stanford University psychology professor Jennifer Eberhardt plans to release an algorithm in May that would help the department glean insights from the footage.

### [Newark Launches Free Coding Program](https://nextcity.org/daily/entry/newark-launches-free-coding-program-public-housing-residents)
The city of Newark has been shedding a rough image over the last few years, building up its downtown core and adding employers like Audible and AeroFarms to its roster. Like most cities in the midst of revitalization, Newark has been working to establish itself as a tech hub by investing in infrastructure, recruiting startups and adding high-speed public WiFi. Now, it’s offering free coding classes to residents across the city.

### [Video: How A Start-up In The White House Is Changing Business As Usual](https://www.ted.com/talks/haley_van_dyck_how_a_start_up_in_the_white_house_is_changing_business_as_usual)
Haley Van Dyck is transforming the way America delivers critical services to everyday people. At the United States Digital Service, Van Dyck and her team are using lessons learned by Silicon Valley and the private sector to improve services for veterans, immigrants, the disabled and others, creating a more awesome government along the way.

